What's going on?
Auntie didn't have it in the box.
Does it match the bird's nest?
Ok you
How dare you buy a fake bird's nest on the west side to lie to me
Auntie, I didn't
She is lying
Qiuyan, you have disappointed me so much.
How can food be sold fake?
What if I eat my mother's body?
Zhiran, you don't believe me either, do you?
The praise cashback card is here.
How can I trust you?
That's not true.
This woman liar full of lies
Get me out of zero
Just go.
Don't make Auntie angry
Stop being hypocritical
He's the liar who lies
How dare you argue
Didn't he say he was a turtle?
Then please tell me
Which school did you go to abroad?
Yeah, I still don't know what my parents do
Which daughter are you?
The only daughter of Ye Zhenghai's richest man
The daughter of the Ye family has completed her studies and returned to China to graduate from Cambridge
He may enter the great leaf century
Li Xingye also just came back from abroad
Are you too
You are the richest man in Tianjin
Hahaha